# Hangman
Guess words Game
You have 6 chance to miss the letter in the word, if you do not get it, your man will be hung
The program first prompt the user to enter a number N from 1 to max_words corresponding to the word entered in position N (you may assume a number is entered). If an invalid number is entered, an error message should be displayed and the user should be asked to enter a valid number. You will get your hidden word from our words module. The interface file words.h is provided in the modules directory. The game will then print out a blank hangman based on the provided function print_hangman, prompt the user to enter a letter and a series of asterisks representing the word or phrase we are trying to guess (one asterisk per letter in the word, spaces should be printed as spaces, words consist only of capital letters and spaces). We call this series of asterisks [and letters] a board. You may assume that the entered character is a non-whitespace printable character. Based on the user's input, the game will do different things:

1. If the character is an unguessed letter (either capital or lower case) and contained inside the word, all occurrences of the letter in the word are updated from an asterisk to a capital letter in the printed text corresponding to correctly guessed letters and are displayed. If the user has all the letters in the word guessed, a victory message is displayed and the play again prompt is given. Otherwise, allow the user to keep guessing. **:smiling_face_with_tear:**
2. If the character is an unguessed letter and is not in the word, no board update happens and a message is displayed indicating that the letter is not in the word. The message should display the capital letter version of the input. Our strike total should then be incremented. If we have less than the maximum number of strikes (a constant declared in the module), display a warning indicating to the user of how many more strikes they can incur before the game is over and then request another letter. If the game ends (we reach our maximum strike limit), then we display our final hangman picture and a game over message should be displayed along with the correct answer. :smiling_face_with_tear:
3. If the character is a guessed letter, let the user know via a message that their letter has been guessed (display the capital letter) and request another letter. Do not update the strike total. :hugs:
4. If the character is not a letter, display an error message and let the user guess again without updating the strike total. :smiling_face_with_tear:
Once done, if player has not yet won or lost, the hangman is displayed, the enter a letter prompt is given and the board is once again printed.

The play again prompt should also be non-case sensitive and should accept either Y or y to play again and N or n for quitting.

There are some string constants in a hangman-io module that correspond to the messages which should be displayed above. Make sure you are using these constants otherwise your code will not pass tests. When the messages should be displayed should be clear from the names of the constants. See the sample in and out files for more details. If needed, you may assume that the maximum word/phrase length is 50 (and using 50 as a magic number to help define a string is okay).

There is a main function inside hangman.c that implements the above. It should ask the user for a number from 1 to max_words, repeat said prompt if the input is invalid and play hangman according to the above rules with the secret word corresponding to the number above. Once the game is completed, you should ask the user if they want to play again and if yes repeat the above. If no, exit the program and otherwise print out an invalid response message and prompt the user again for a new input.
